PROBLEM STATEMENT IS :
So client has more than one database with them like MongoDb, SQL, etc.
On one day client want to connect with SQL database, he implemented the functions and did everything according to SQL database.
On next-day, client want to connect with MongoDb, now it is difficult and makes no sense to again change the functions, attributes, logic according to
MongoDb database again, which is wasting our time. It's too long process, to change the implementations again and again.

Also, two concrete classes depend on each other directly(example-Database and MySql), which exploits Dependency Inversion Principle.
According to Dependency Inversion Principle, two concrete classes can't depend on directly they should have depended on via interface/abstract class.

POSSIBLE SOLUTION:
1) Introduce abstraction between classes, create interface with common methods and depend on interfaces.
2) If there are common attributes as well than use Abstract classes.
3) Create a factory which has core product-details inside it.
4) Create classes which implement the interface, and those classes would act as a stores of every brand, which has products from the factory.
5) Now create the separate class for each product.(example: for shoes, for tshirts, etc. each factory/interface will create its own product. Tshirt-factory will create tshirts only, like that)
6) Once the products were created we need a medium to transport that products in showrooms.(Sent adidas tshirt to adidas showrrom, puma shoes to puma showroom, and soo on)
7) Now customer will come and enter the desired showroom to buy product, so using if-else condition we can check customer want to go in which showroom.
8) And once customer enter in the showroom ,they can buy the products which are displayed.




FACTORY METHODS:
Factory method is a method that takes care of creating an object of another class at runtime, based on user input.
ABSTRACT FACTORY:
It is an interface, which contains all the factory-methods.
If a class is having factory-methods and non-factory methods, than it will exploits SRP 